if i'm able to make my skin temperature
not going down while being exposed to
ice cold water skin temperature that's
power
and that power is the same power we can
learn to embrace and awaken
in which we are able to tackle any
stressor in the world
and he stresses emotionally and
physically
and mentally whatever year you come up
we are built to be able to oppose that
to get through and to learn and not to
be afraid because we have the power of
the mind
[Music]
hey everybody welcome to impact theory
our goal with this show and company is
to introduce you to the people and ideas
that will help you actually execute on
your dreams
alright today's guest is a real life
superhero the first time i heard about
him i really could not believe that he
was real he holds 26 official guinness
world records for feats that were long
believed to be fatal or just outright
impossible he's run a half marathon
above the arctic circle barefoot he's
remained completely submerged in ice for
nearly two hours and he climbed mount
everest wearing only shorts he's also
hung more than a mile off the ground by
a single finger run an entire marathon
in the meeb desert without drinking a
single drop of water and swam underneath
the ice of a frozen ocean for almost the
entire length of a football field on a
single breath his radical demonstrations
of what the human animal is truly
capable of have garnered him devotees
and skeptics in equal measure but he is
systematically silenced the naysayers by
subjecting himself to the rigors of
science he has allowed himself to be
poked prodded and probed during his
insane feats and in one experiment even
allowed himself to be injected with an
endotoxin to prove through conscious
action he could mobilize his immune
system to neutralize the threat which is
exactly what he did and when people
tried to dismiss him as a genetic freak
who was simply beyond the rest of us he
taught 12 more people to do exactly what
he did and they all got the exact same
results
so please help me in welcoming the man
who can raise his core body temperature
while submerged in an ice bath the
iceman himself wim hof
[Applause]
welcome to the show man great intro
thank you wow warm-hearted not cold not
cold at all
but now we're going to get into some of
the cold ass crazy [__] that you do and
i want to talk about adaptation
what is it about what you do that
triggers the adaptation response and
what adaptation response does it trigger
the power to adapt to this stressor
in general we lost this connection
it's because we wear clothes all the
time and we live in a comfort zone
behavior we think we can control nature
but by being non-stimulative in our
behavior we lost the connection in the
depth of our physiology because we are
able to adapt about to anything
we are built to be able to adapt without
stress
into any stressful situation i get a
solution the body knows
but because we
got into this
comfort zone behavior hundreds of years
our genetics have changed our physiology
has changed everything has changed and
we lost actually the full power of the
mind
and i'm here to bring it
back impact
you better listen
to this conversation yes i like that all
right so how do we bring it back
i did many studies already because i
don't like speculation i go through
study this scrutiny and let any
scientist prove me wrong
because i like to go through the truth
because i think there is more than meets
the eye i did many studies and yes i
could resist the bacteria
as thought of not being able by humans
we changed medical history by showing a
group of people compared to 16
1334 people becoming sick after
injection of a endotoxemia and then
suddenly 1200 percent score within a
quarter of our complete control over the
innate immune system and the specific by
the way the adaptive immune system
and how did i learn to do that and to
pass it on because it's already there in
us it only needs to awaken
to find the adaptive immune system the
adaptive immune system is willfully
regulating and controlling
your t cells and b cells and they are
located in the bone marrow we are able
to willfully
influence the bone marrow and to release
the t and b cells which are very
specific in the targeting on the
bacteria and the virus and apoptosis
cell death they create it instead of
fever and uncontrolled shivering and and
headaches and being sick flu fever and
all that
is the second layer we got into the
third layer into the depth of the immune
system into the deepest so
willfully
being able to get into the bone marrow
and release the tmb cells in case of
inflammation is what we an inflammation
i tell you is the cause of any disease
all right that that's a lot to dive into
so first of all let's set aside
inflammation for a second i've heard you
talk a lot about that and we're
definitely going to get into it because
i struggle with inflammation but um
did you just say that you can willfully
control apoptosis yes anybody can
okay for that we have the breathing
exercises
and it has been shown in the comparative
study all the guys who did their
breathing exercises the endotoxin
normally creates inflammation
and thus uncontrolled shivering uh all
over agony headaches and
fever and the people really get sick
after injected being injected with the
bacteria e coli
and that's normal but it was not normal
to be able to inoculate that reaction
how did we do that by breathing
exercises that are like a controlled
hypoxia where through the brain stem the
fight and flight suddenly activates the
adrenaline and resets the body and
resetting the body is going past our
comfort zone
conditioning
going back in our primordial state the
way nature meant to be and that is being
able effectively to battle this ease
very simple very effective
very accessible for any human in the
world and that we go a step further
a stepford is the last study
wherein i was exposed to cold water
and just by a thought i was able to make
the skin temperature not going down
while i was exposed to cold water on my
skin ice water your skin temperature
didn't go down yes and normally it goes
down that is what everybody thinks isn't
it and yes 74 people before me they did
it and they saw all the same graphics it
goes down after
exposure to cold water and when warm
water comes up then it goes up again and
goes down cold warm cold warm cold warm
and then i did it
same i didn't do anything why because
i'm in command of my breath
and with that i become in command of my
alchemy
and i'm able then to send and to
manipulate any part
of my body
they looked inside the brain and whereas
normally
a stress comes to work on the body
and that could be called could be heat
but could also be emotion
depression bipolar anxiety fear pt
ptsd
trauma it's all stress
in the brain
and it gets inflamed
and we don't know how to break the loop
now they looked inside of my brain while
this stressor was gone on
and i stayed out of the stressor
when the cold came in i just stayed over
there in a warmth cold war i stayed in
control and then they looked inside the
brain and whereas normally the activity
of the stress is highlighting the
prefrontal cortex the conscious brain
because it's cold
oh i feel bad because i'm divorced now
and this and that and my business is
gone and whatever you know stress real
stress and then i the insula which is
normally uh active very activated
when you go into deep meditation then
the insulin gets a a is becoming more
red
and then this is blue because d
activates the normal daily consciousness
and the insula the deep meditation is on
blood flow goes in the deeper parts of
the brain suddenly becomes all active
and it's pleasant it's nice euphoric
and the stress coming to my body did not
make my prefrontal cortex active
and then they saw something very
remarkable
which is a robust activation of the
pag which is part of the brain stem that
is the deepest part of the brain the
fight and flight
the survival but also the area of the
hormonal
periaqueductal gray hemisphere which is
responsible for the activation of
opioids and we got an epidemic on
opioids isn't it but we don't know how
to tap in and to make these opioids
work
for us again say it's like pain killing
analgesia natural ones very strong
inside of us we lost the connection but
now it is here and the other one is the
euphoric hormones or the cannabinoids
endocannabinoid system both are there
and they saw me activating for the first
time in medical science
robustly into that area and that's why
it did not only solve the stressor from
not being cold it was warm and the
professors they had a difficult time
putting more eyes in the water because i
was warming up the water and i was doing
nothing
that is the power of our mind and what i
can do anybody is able to do so
when people are depressed or bipolar or
anxiety or fear or trauma or ptsd it is
stressed and they cannot break the loop
i tell you we found the key to break the
loop that's where i am right now with
the signs
and now this needs to be implemented for
those in need and there are many many in
need so
that is so
extraordinary
the fact i'm so glad that you were doing
a brain scan while you're doing that
because
i imagine
when i think about what you must be
doing i think about
something being tense something being
hardened and so when i've practiced your
breathing it's it's a very active
intense like drive but hearing you talk
about it as meditative
of tapping into the insular of
you know activating deeper regions of
your brain and not the prefrontal cortex
that pains like this whole other
like emotional connection to have with
what you're doing
which changes
entirely how i approach what you're
talking about
which is
really interesting another thing is they
say what we're doing right now and we
got it endorsed through the john w brick
mental healthcare foundation
1.2 million to endorse a study on the
dna
in san francisco with the top
researchers over there if you're
changing
dna changes itself
it prolongs in cell activity cell
division which is a telomeres the
condition of the telomeres is about
longevity and the quality of life if it
is not attacked by
inflamed transcription factors then the
the genome expression is going to be
just nice and right
and besides of that
the protective proteins around the cell
are then through the hormatic exercises
or the breathing you just mentioned
together with the cold showers
it is hormatic uh let's define hermetic
that hormatic it's like positive stress
conscious stress
your neurology is inside that and it
connects with your body the way nature
meant to be and
in the primordial state of our cells
the cells should be protected by
proteins
but because of our comfort zone behavior
they are inactive does the inflammatory
in impulses through the transcription
factors just little [__] it will go
into the cell and they begin to mess up
the telomeres the longevity the cell
division the condition thereof and we
live shorter and better so less and we
are becoming vulnerable for the wrong
genome expressions
and that causes diseases
yeah this is really interesting if this
is really um shaking down to hormesis
which said another way is a little bit
of bad does you a lot of good yeah and
so you actually need something that
stresses the system in a way that most
people would think of as bad yeah it
actually ends up being good and this is
where um
i'm jarred in the best way possible with
what you were saying about it being this
meditative experience for you because i
think of going in ice is brutally
painful of requiring all of my
discipline and desire to battle through
and i i wouldn't have thought of it as
being something that i have to relax
into
of you know really sort of releasing
letting go relaxing almost removing
myself from
the
certainly removing myself from the
suffering of the pain but i'm curious
are you when you're doing this and
you've talked about dipping under the
ice and going into this meditative state
you've described it with these sound
effects which i always found really
interesting
but when you're going into that
do you feel the pain and divorce
yourself from the suffering or do you
literally not feel
any discomfort you feel anything but you
learn to let go
you follow the breath and thus the
hormonal system the endocrine system
which we have shown in scientific
research is really active within your
command and with that comes the
adrenaline the epinephrine the opiates
and cannabinoids all right now they are
very strong they have a really they're
really strong painkillers as well yes
right yes so that's interesting so
you're saying that you're actually
killing the pain by tapping into that
system because you've kicked off all
this neuropharmacology basically yes
okay that's super interesting what i
want to know is when you're going into
the meditative state you know you've
just been injected with um the
endotoxins yes
what are you visualizing like what are
you actually thinking when you're trying
to get to adrenaline or bone marrow or i
tell you um
if you go into the ice you're really not
thinking about your mortgage or your
wife or this or that you're not going to
picnic you feel the focus will be on
your feeling
how to get this feeling into adaptation
and to overcome whatever is coming
and it goes directly
and i tell you the the cult has been my
teacher
i just followed the teacher the feeling
learned to let go intuitively i felt
i want to do this i did yoga i did kung
fu did all kinds of things and
and uh great
but the cold
is really
merciless but righteous and i was ready
to go in i felt intuitively i want to go
in because it has got something i don't
know what it is
and yes i went in
and i felt it the connection was there
beyond any word
and that's what i was looking for just
tapping into deeper parts of the brain
of feeling pure energy feeling power
innate capacitated power we have to deal
with that
i was looking for that and since then i
went on and on and on and on i did all
these records and many more challenges
i did crazy stuff really sitting all the
night in in your shorts outside in
freezing temperatures and feel great
that is something that is power and i've
been venturing and discovering more and
more and finally i began to realize but
it's all in the mind
oh yes so learning to let go in the
right way following your breath the
breath is able to prime
the body
and then your mind the neurology of the
mind if i'm able to make my skin
temperature not going down while being
exposed to ice cold water skin
temperature that's power
and that power is the same power we can
learn to embrace and awaken
in which we are able to tackle any
stressor in the world
any stressor emotionally and physically
and mentally whatever you come up we are
built to be able to oppose that to get
through and to learn
and not to be afraid because we have the
power of the mind
you can't imagine to what degree i want
that to become real in my life so i'm
gonna start pinning you down on some
things so that i can walk away from this
knowing please do
um okay so
it it seems like there's two things to
your method number one is the breath
so what i want to know is when you're
breathing in the way that you're
breathing which there's a lot of great
video on there that we'll link to in the
show notes so
when you're breathing like that
why do you think that allows you to
begin to reconnect to something that
everyone will call the autonomic system
meaning that you don't have conscious
control over how does that link it
yes
very simple
these breathing techniques i've learned
to do in extreme cold
so they are extremely effective
very soon i was able to stay and prolong
my time in ice water feeling
great but is the breath just about
oxygenating the tissues
oxygenating not only to go past in this
case
uh to go past the lymphatic knots
which normally
inhibits the the oxygen to go deeper
now we found a way to go past these
knots into the lymphatic system
and with that you come into the depth of
your body and making you able to
alkalize your blood within a couple of
minutes
and with that a when the blood is the
right ph degree
then suddenly the neurology of the mind
which is like electricity is able to run
through
on a subtle basis how familiar are you
with hyperbaric oxygen
um
not too much i never did that but so i
know it heals infections and skin
problems and things
what we do is the same thing but then
naturally we do
controlled hypoxia like controlled high
stage training we just did a study in
the andis
mountains in south america and 4 500
meters is about 14 000 feet
and they compared
diamox which is used for acute mountain
sickness very strong medicine
to the breathing and the breathing one
so the breathing is more effective
on those heights and in those extremes
than a medicine
and
this what this is unknown and we got
eight more studies coming out hey man we
got the power to to be the alchemist
within our body that's the way nature
meant to be another thing is
they say 20 of our brain is working [__]
that man
it is hundred percent and we got the
innate capacity to enter into any part
of our brain and now we have show to get
into the deepest and with that we become
the commanders of our own mind
and body so actually we are mammals
we are about you know we are built after
millions of years
as mammals
if your geology is inside the wiring and
everything is inside and three times the
world's length is vascular systems
inside of us
killer number one in our society is
cardiovascular related it's big time and
that is because we wear clothes we are
never being
stimulated
through cold warm
and pressure
it's no longer there so there is a
mediocre state of our vascular
conditioning
and that
for that we take cold showers
then there's some shock to the system
that does yes
hormesis
we do it consciously and with that we
connect even with the brain with the
vascular system all over
and it's amazing how simple it can be
how simple we can tech tackle this
serial killer their cardiovascular
related diseases we can tackle it a cold
shower a day keeps the doctor away i
love that so
something that i didn't expect when i
started impact theory is the number of
people that stop me the number of people
that write to me and tell me that
they're contemplating suicide
so we we got so many many people
who don't commit suicide because they
found this
because nobody wants not to live but
they don't know how to live right and
this
reactivates and resets their body to the
way nature meant to be and that is to be
happy strong and healthy
yeah talk to me about your wife and how
this is the way i started my wife jumped
from a eight story down in 95. four
children had no money just there with
four children
my children made me survive and nature
healed me and that was the cold because
in the cold you shut up and all this
turmoil the emotional confusion the
broken heart it's all physical it's all
real the cold is able to shut it up shut
it down and survive
and with that i came slowly but surely
in control over my emotions
and now i'm able to make
people aware of that capacity even
without cold showers and all these
things but that's where it came from
now i was powerless then with my wife
who was schizophrenic and psychos that
put all kinds of pills in and injections
didn't work whatsoever there was
powerless but now i'm in power
i uh
in the sub current i'm working now with
those kids
and they work with me and we get spread
this all over the world that we found a
way how to deal with emotions
with the cold with heat with the stress
in the brain in the body we found it and
now
i'm almost
so far that i'm dealing
with a new competitive study with wayne
state university in michigan
on a comparative study on bipolar people
within four days and will make them have
a absolute sense of control wherein they
are able to redirect their brain
and balance uh within the out of balance
hormonal
manic depressions and all and with that
my circle is around from being powerless
to power and i'm a dropout from school
i'm teaching professors and doctors now
all over the world and they say after
seeing the results of me in the brain
scans and the way i activate
parts of the brain thought of impossible
by humans they say this is a
transformational technique that will
change mental health care
and we see it the cold is my warm friend
wow
jesus dude that's so powerful so i wanna
i wanna walk through
what you're doing in these four days
with people that are in this situation
and taking them from not feeling like
they have control to feeling like
they're in control
is it
is it the exact same thing that you
would teach somebody that's getting the
injection with the endotoxin yeah
there's literally no difference there's
no no difference
if
people get get to me
and they want to learn how to beat
inflammation
both
with the physical uh uh
uh course and i effect as a mentor
then come and i'll teach you
because nature is my master
nature is my teacher i just obey to the
rules and i know it's tricks etc i'm
gonna hand you over within four days you
know it all and then you you learn to go
into depth into the sixth and seventh
sense eight cents all controlled the way
nature meant to be i reset people within
a couple of days
and then go past the conditioning and
then it is up to them
to get out of the trodden neurological
path ways and get into the new one and
then
they say they asked me hey
whim what is enlightenment because i
never asked it but i have to ask you
because it seems you got some answers i
say well okay all bibles and qurans are
written about that [__] so i tell you in
one sentence what it is
just be happy strong and healthy and the
rest is [__]
yes
the way we are schooled is to take on
that autoimmune diseases cancer
depression and alike and power gaining
power and being insensitive is normal i
think it is sick
and we got to stand up and show through
scientific
research that
no speculation that it is not so and it
sounds like what you're saying is the
thing that stops us all from that at a
really like
cellular level is inflammation yes so
the the sort of general root cause
because you've talked about being able
to alleviate symptoms of arthritis even
thrown in cancer
because to you the root cause of all
that is inflammation
inflammation causing deregulation on
cell level in the dna in the genome
expression it's all the same thing
now we have learned to tap into the
lymphatic system we just finished this
study within 20 minutes alkalize the
blood in the
lymphatic system which is the deepest
one considered to be inaccessible now is
accessible and it's actually the storage
of garbage chemistry within our body and
now we know with these breeding
techniques how to get a pasty nuts get
into the slight acidic state of the
storage capacity of the lymphatic system
and change it into becoming alkaline or
cleanse it when we're getting past the
knots so we're admittedly for anybody
watching we're way out of my depth so
i'm going to be asking probing questions
that are educated but i fully understand
i mouse at my depth here but um
when you sleep your brain actually um
shrinks because the inflammation goes
down and allows certain i'm going to use
the word toxins to be uh flushed out of
the brain things like um
the amyloid plaques and things that can
build up in somebody that ultimately
will um show signs of alzheimer's
do you think that what's happening at
the lymphatic level is a similar kind of
reduction in inflammation caused by the
breathing absolutely pulling the the
oxygen in that i mean at least there's
like an internal logic that i can wrap
my head around which would be
immediately clear
it is paired with the parasympathetic
activity which is done on the autonomic
nervous system level
now we have shown to get into the
autonomic nervous system and to create
both sympathetic and parasympathetic
nervous system activity at will
so
if you do the breathing before you go to
sleep or if you do the cold showers
then you will sleep better so
cold shower a day keeps the doctor away
yes and it's good
all right so for everybody that's about
to embark on this journey and i'll
include myself in that
i want to go back to when you're 17.
yes
the ice water starts calling to you
and also part of what makes this
fascinating is you have an identical
twin yes so
one it's fascinating that you guys took
very divergent passo if i understand
right you've begun to teach him your
method yes um
but
when you're there at the water and it's
calling to you
what what is that like it's 17 i know
you've been searching searching for like
i need this this whatever this is i need
it all to make sense i need to connect
to a god or something to to fill me up
to
let me connect to something bigger than
myself so yeah you have that calling i
don't know what but it is there and it
is inside of me and it's more than meets
the eye and all that and it made me at a
age of 12
study psychology and going into hinduism
buddhism and all kinds of esoteric
disciplines and when i was 17 i just had
this feeling
and my twin brother who's identical is
not able to do only after my training to
come up with the results because it's
not genetical
it is trained and so
this one is able to be trained by
anybody god the fact that you're an
identical twin it's like you're the
perfect
subject i mean it's literally crazy you
have an identical twin to be like the
the perfect control subject yes yes
absolutely it's like 100 percent
genetical score match
and he is not able to do it and i'm not
a and i'm able to do it so they did a
certain kinds of experiments and they
saw this
in scientific
environment
that i was able to do things and he
could not and later when i trained him
he was able to do
about the same jesus
that's that's extraordinary we all are
able to battle inflammation to have a
control top down in our body much more
than we thought possible at least to be
able to guarantee happiness strength and
health which is all related to hormones
and the control over the immune system
and nervous system all right let's go
the next step so you've got happiness
strength and health and health
so
what is happiness happiness is uh all
the euphoric hormones related to the
endocannabinoid system we have
absolute access therein at will
we only need to invest and exercise into
that like a child has to learn to walk
so what do you want you want to be
dependent on pills and this and that and
drugs etc or do you want to get high on
your own supply
it's there why do you play guitar
uh music is the voice of the heart of
course of your feeling
and it's resonance and resonance getting
into the brain waves and we have tested
this with the nasa equipment
doing the breathing makes you able to go
into these deep alpha
delta gamma waves
inc
fully controlled but music shifts your
brain wave just at will yes anybody can
do that how far could you could you go
to like if i said
we're all gonna make noise but i want
you to get into a gamma wave state which
is like [__] deep meditation could
you do that in like five minutes or less
a couple of minutes i'm getting there
wow i'm resonating with that voice with
that resonance
and that affects certain parts of the
brain deeper parts of the brain who are
connected with the voice and the
and
and of resonance and which is a deeper
part of the brain begins to act be
activated thus the blood flow begins to
descend into the depth of the brain and
then it becomes enlightened and
activated and gets the nutrients and the
biochemistry and that's meditation all
about now
mindfulness is very much researched
and it shows that through mindfulness
you are able to activate deeper parts of
the brain they become more alive because
simply the blood flow goes to these
deeper parts but what we have seen now
in the brain scans
not even seasoned practitioners in
mindfulness are able to activate those
parts you have been activating
and i say it's innately capacitated to
anybody but it needs the conscious
technique and the passing on of that
not money etc but
it is there but it needs to be awakened
it needs to be shown if you always walk
to this way to the house because that's
your knowledge you don't know the
shortcut which was always there god is
there any way for you to put it into
words so obviously there's no substitute
for the training but
what what is it like they're such
practice meditators but they can't do
what you can do so what is that thing
that you're able to pass on in four days
the confidence
opening up your heart
and suddenly you become aware
that it is simply there
within four days we get into a tribal
sense together there is no me and you
we are together in nature battling cold
there there is no thought you help each
other you get this natural sense of
helping each other which enables me
like oxytocin
i help you it's really strong that
oxytocin and within those groups i do in
nature within one and a half day
they are out of their conditioned state
of the mind they're holding in tension
and they're completely open relaxed then
they are able to let go and let the body
do what the body is able to do in
extreme situations because they are no
longer confined in their narrowed
consciousness everything reacts directly
and finds the answer and with that comes
everybody and and at alm suddenly makes
sense that love is the greatest power of
the universe
and that we lost the tribal sense of
helping each other and that makes them
able in just four days to go in
temperatures like
way down and freezing temp
freezing conditions and then having
great fun and dense harlem shake and
your socks off on the mountain top after
hours in the those conditions
those that
makes the depth suddenly aware to one's
consciousness and that is like i never
felt this i never yeah but that's you
and that you
we are here to promote to show that
everybody has it
and so all the problems in the world
we have a system inside in willful
possible command if we only exercise and
awaken to it
to handle anything that comes to us
because that's the way we were built not
hopeless full of hope and not twenty
percent of the brain capacity within our
command but hundred and there it is and
with 100 we find freedom because we can
go anywhere without fear because we are
in control
god damn i love that
before i ask my last question tell these
guys where they can find you
i got a website
it's
wimhoffmethod.com there is a free app
and you can
get get it all for free on there and
then you try out because feeling is
understanding
all right my last question
what's the impact that you want to have
on the world
together with impact theory we go into
the deeds and make it possible and
impact theory is not only impact theory
you guys are a platform and you make you
bring it out and that
there are the deeds because people will
take this up through common sense hey
man this [__] works and with that it's
going to run because when [__] works it
gets all the place
do you want to see this in school
systems oh absolutely i think they
they should not only be trained in say
mathematics and a history and language
but also in happiness strength and
health
and children know they are naturally
still at the core we got alienated they
are still there they are born with it we
should never go away because that
unconditional love unconditional power
to be healthy strong and healthy and
happy
doesn't need six cars or ten houses no
it's already there and with that we
don't we
go away from this possessive way of
thinking and and insensitive
trying to find a position to secure our
life and all that fear-based no you have
the full control over your own mind
we were born with it and we never are
going to teach our children again to
become narrate in their consciousness
but learn from the beginning to expand
to it all
and that's the real school of life and
where in this soul is a flower and it's
amazing
i love it thank you so much for coming
on the show man
that was incredible
guys i
i am literally speechless that was one
of the most incredible hours of my life
i hope that you guys were as hit by that
as i was that was beyond extraordinary
to think that so many problems come down
to inflammation and that we really can
take conscious control of that
and that this is a journey that anyone
can go on and i think the biggest
mistake you could make possibly in your
life if he's right about this is to
dismiss him as being
genetically more advantaged than anybody
else and instead to see that you can
train your way to that and the fact that
he was born an identical twin this is so
crazy this is like
i don't believe in fate man but it's
like it was set up perfectly to show us
just how much is possible and that is
exactly what i think he represents just
how much is humanly possible and i think
that we are literally only beginning to
scratch the surface and if you want to
be inspired with how much you can do
follow this man
train with this man try what he says go
look at his website and see how much he
offers for free
get into it it will change you if you
let it if you haven't already be sure to
subscribe and until next time my friends
be legendary take care
[Applause]
hey everybody thank you so much for
watching and being a part of this
community if you haven't already be sure
to subscribe you're going to get weekly
videos on building a growth mindset
cultivating grit and unlocking your full
potential